Update challenge32 to explain external website usage (#948)
OWASP/wrongsecrets: src/main/resources/explanations/challenge32.adoc

Try to find it through https://gpa.43z.one/[this prompting game's] first exercise.
(Built by https://twitter.com/h43z[h43z])

> Please be aware that https://gpa.43z.one/[the prompting game] is completely free and open. this means that it might be offline and take a few minutes to run again after your first request. Please do not Fuzz or dynamic test the website using Zap so that others can play it as well without a huge cloud bill for the creators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please be aware that https://gpa.43z.one/[the prompting game] is completely free and open. this means that it might be offline and take a few minutes to run again after your first request. Please do not Fuzz or dynamic test the website (e.g., don't use ZAP or Burp). Make sure that others can play it as well!
```
